[Music]
how to choose a safe seat while
traveling the main things we think about
during a trip are comfort and safety
every vehicle has seats where you most
probably won't get hurt in case of an
accident here's a list of such seats and
seven types of transport the safety of
which is determined by studies the one
for the train has impressed me the most
car the dangerous seats in the car are
next to the driver because in an
accident they reflexively tried to dodge
and the person sitting next to them will
be in danger
where are the safe seats they're in the
back seat behind the driver and in the
middle since this part of the car is
breached deformed in a front to front
crash minibus the most dangerous seats
are next to the windows and doors as
broken glass can cut you in an accident
as in a car it's better to avoid seats
next to the driver the safe seats are
located against the direction of
traveler there are fewer chances of
hitting your head on the backrest of the
front seat with sudden braking trolley
bus as in mini buses it's better to stay
away from seats next to windows and
doors to avoid glass shards in an
accident the safe seats are in the right
row on the aisle in case of a right hand
driving the oncoming transport moves on
the left and there are fewer chances to
get hurt the seats in the middle whose
backrest located in the direction of
travel are also safe ship in a ship the
lower cabins are the most dangerous in
the case of a hole near the first to get
water so it's much harder to get out the
safe seats are on the deck and cabins
located closer to it since the upper
part of the ship is the last to sing
city bus avoid the first two rows of
seats because foreign objects often get
in through the large windshields the
same applies to the seats next to the
windows and doors the back row is also
dangerous in case of a hit from behind
one of the safe seats the right most
seats in the middle of the cabin located
in the direction of travel they're
farther than the rest of oncoming
traffic
trains the seats located in the
direction of travel are the most
dangerous there are fewer chances you'll
fall with sudden break in the safe seats
are closer to the middle of the carriage
it's better to choose the fifth or sixth
carriage one closer to the middle of the
Train as the first and last carriages
either deform or go off the rails and a
collision plane in fact experts still
cannot agree on which part of the
aircraft is the safest however most them
claim that the back of the plane is less
dangerous than the first rows at the
front to reduce the probability of
getting into an accident remember the
safety principles and always follow the
rules on public transport
share this video with those who travel a
lot this information must be beneficial
for them if you're visiting our channel
for the first time click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]